[New Entry] SQL Commands: `SELECT TOP` (#1305)
Codecademy/docs: content/sql/concepts/commands/terms/top/top.md

---
Title: 'TOP'
Description: 'Returns a specified number of rows from the top of the result.'
Subjects:
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Database'
  - 'Queries'
  - 'SQL Server'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-sql'
  - 'paths/analyze-data-with-sql'
---

Returns a specified number of rows from the top of the result.

## Syntax

> ```sql

Reviewer: The syntax section needs a few changes:
- The examples should be in a ```pseudo block.
- The examples should be generalized, such as `SELECT TOP (n)` `SELECT TOP (n) PERCENT`
- Each example should have an explanatory sentence describing what it's doing and what `n` is.

Reviewer 2: I would also include a sentence in the "Syntax" section that explains how `column_name(s)` is a space-separated list of existing columns that are selected from `table_name`.

---

> Title: 'TOP'

Reviewer 2: I'm wondering if this entry should be repurposed as a concept entry and renamed as 'SELECT TOP' (similar to the existing [SELECT DISTINCT](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/sql/commands/select-distinct) entry).

cc: @SSwiniarski

Description: 'Returns a specified number of rows from the top of the result.'
Subjects:
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Database'
  - 'Queries'
  - 'SQL Server'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-sql'
  - 'paths/analyze-data-with-sql'
---

> Returns a specified number of rows from the top of the result.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`TOP`** command returns a specified number of rows from the top of the result.
```

The opening line of the entry should begin with the concept/term at hand, and the first use of it should be **bolded** as suggested above.

## Syntax

> This command is used to select the inital rows from a table, limiting the result to a specified number, represented here by (n):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command is used to select the inital rows from a table, limiting the result to a specified number, represented here by `n`:
```

```sql
SELECT TOP (n) column_name(s)
FROM table_name;
```

> The command can also be used with PERCENT to limit the result to the top (n) percent of rows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command can also be used with PERCENT to limit the result to the top `n` percent of rows:
```

Reviewer 2: To add to this suggestion, let's surround "PERCENT" in backticks (i.e., \`PERCENT\`)

> ```sql

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

SELECT TOP (n) PERCENT column_name(s)
FROM table_name;
```

## Examples

> The given query will display the top 5 rows from the `books` table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following query selects all columns from the top 5 rows of the `books` table:
```

```sql
SELECT TOP (5) *
FROM books;
```

> The given query will display the top 25% of rows from the `films` table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The next query selects the top 25% of rows from the `movies` table, under just the `movie_titles` column:
```
